#summary The release notes for DPX
#labels Featured

== [http://dyknow-panel-extractor.googlecode.com/files/DPX-Tools%200.3.3.0.msi Version 0.3.3.0] ==
*Released 8/13/2010*
  * [DPXGrader DPX Grader] processes panels using multi-threaded workers to speed up the process.  A worker is created for each CPU core so computers with multiple cores will process files faster.
  * This release is compiled for x86 compatibility.  Some of the previous releases may not have been compiled using these setting.
  * Some minor tweaks to the [DPXReader DPX Reader] library.

== [http://dyknow-panel-extractor.googlecode.com/files/DPX-Tools%200.3.2.0.msi Version 0.3.2.0] ==
*Released 7/4/2010*
  * More improvements to the [DPXReader DPX Reader] library that corrected problems with reading several types of files.  These corrections were made by using the Parser Validator and analyzing files.
  * ABOX (answer boxes) are now rendered on the panel as grey rectangles.

== [http://dyknow-panel-extractor.googlecode.com/files/DPX-Tools%200.3.1.0.msi Version 0.3.1.0] ==
*Released 6/25/2010*
  * A minor release that fixed a threading issue that crashed the application when the option for writing out the results of the Parser Validator was selected.
  * Added another known files issue to the list of known problems (missing TXTMODEMODXAML and TXTMODEPARTXAML tags).
  * Fixed a variety of DPX parser bugs that were identified by analyzing another set of (older) files.

== [http://dyknow-panel-extractor.googlecode.com/files/DPX-Tools%200.3.0.0.msi Version 0.3.0.0] ==
*Released 6/24/2010*
  * Newly added [DPXGrader DPX Grader] application is able to recognize hand written text located in the corner of a page and convert it to text.  The results can then be saved as a CSV file which includes the participant's username and full name if it was collected in a DyKnow session..
  * A completely new serialization technique is now being used by [DPXPreview DPX Preview] as well as [DPXGrader DPX Grader].  This properly deserializes all known elements in a DyKnow file.  Additionally, images on DyKnow files are now more accurately rendered on the InkCanvas.  The other applications are still using manual XML parsing.
  * Included with [DPXPreview DPX Preview] is a tool that tests the accuracy of the new serialization technique.  This new "Parser Validator" is able to perform a test on a set of DyKnow files to identify any errors that occur during the serialization and deserialization process.

== [http://dyknow-panel-extractor.googlecode.com/files/DPX-Tools%200.2.0.0.msi Version 0.2.0.0] ==
*Released 5/12/2010*

  * Updated the structure of the project so that the names of each executable match the actual applications name.
  * Added a "Save Report" button to the report tab that saves the contents of the report window to a text file


== [http://dyknow-panel-extractor.googlecode.com/files/DPX-Tools%200.1.0.0.msi Version 0.1.0.0] ==
*Released 4/28/2010*

  * This first release of DPX includes three software tools: [DPXManager DPX Manager], [DPXPreview DPX Preview], and [DPXSorter DPX Sorter].  [DPXManager DPX Manager] is the main software tool capable of importing DyKnow panels into a database and generating reports based off of the dates that each panel was submitted.  This first release is still considered a beta quality product.